hi this is Steve from hobby town roll
apart today we're going to show you an
unboxing of the new Aries Gamma 370 if
you're familiar with the Aries line this
is the line for having Tom exclusive
line of products in the air filled with
RC air filled some helicopters they've
come out with a few airplanes and this
is their newest in their airplane line
and this is the gamma 370 the gamma 370
comes in two different ways it's the
ready to fly which we're going to show
you today and then we're going to show
you the RFR which is the ready for
receiver which means you can put your
own receiver in it the servos are
already installed you just put your own
transmitter and receiver with it this
one that we're showing you today is
actually there ready to fly so go ahead
we'll open the boxes we'll show you what
you got inside okay so this plane does
take a little bit of putting together so
our unboxing video is going to use a few
camera tricks we have one set aside
that's already put together but just to
show you what's in the box
now of course you got your instruction
manual here and you've got your set of
wings right here you've got your tail
and your horizontal stabilizer are in
here as well and then you've got your
fuselage is in the front right here
here's the fuselage for it as you can
see in the fuselage the servos are
already all pre-installed for you the
receiver and the speed controller
already pre-installed the motors up
front that's pre-installed so all you
really have to do is attach the wings
attach the tail attach the stabilizer
and you will have a plane ready to fly I
would say this is probably about a half
hour to 40 minutes of time to put it
together this is your battery hatch down
here and the battery is included it's a
lipo battery that's a one thousand
milliamp two cell battery that's
included with it and that's in the box
as well so we'll go ahead and show you
what else we got in the box here's the
six channel radio that's included with
it now this radio is 2.4 gigahertz but
it is a proprietary system with so it's
going to work only with the Aries
receivers and such but it is a very nice
basic radio for doing what you need to
do and that comes with it you also get
the batteries with it so this is one of
those ready to fly everything is in the
box the batteries for the transmitter
are include
here's your lipo battery to put in
inside it you comes with a life alarge
er that's also included so everything's
in the box
propeller your landing gear are here as
well okay so now let's show you the
plane actually all put together we
actually put this together previously
this is our store demo okay so you can
see what it looks like the wings are
held on with rubber bands so if you have
a hoops it's going to give up a little
bit of give with it it is a stirrup
steerable tailwheel so you'll be able to
do a little searing on the tail dragger
okay and you've got a little bit
oversized wheels for the size of the
plane so that makes it good for a little
bit of rough surface for landing again
this is the basic model that also has
three channels so as you can see there's
no ailerons here but we do have elevator
we do have rudder and of course you do
that throttle but there are some options
you can buy a wing kit for about
twenty-five dollars that has the
ailerons and the circles are already
pre-installed so all you have to do is
plug it in now you can make this a
four-channel airplane giving you more
abilities to fly the plane the other
thing you can do with this plane is you
can upgrade the motor and speed control
to a brushless and that's about 40
dollars for that upgrade so as you get
comfortable flying this plane there's a
basic three channel plane you can then
move up and make it into a four channel
plane with brushless which will give you
a lot of power will show you a great
video that Ares made of this plane
flying inverted doing all kinds of great
tricks so you can kind of move up and
make this kind of an intermediate plane
again the basic plane is a hundred and
twenty-nine dollars they're ready ready
for receiver which means you had your
own electronics $79 you're in stock at
Hobby town come on
and check them out